High-handed bamboo shoots down the mountain
It was this bottom that killed me
General filial piety in Beijing
Sin is unforgivable
Look at Chen Jiang's injury.
Although life and death a hundred times
Have the courage to supervise?
We all recommend it.
Scrape his bloodshot for three years
You bunch of ungrateful bastards
Who gave you the guts to run amok here?
that
That dog has the right to bully my son
You have to call the shots for us, ah?
You are questioning the national law of Great Xia
The wife of the Zhenbei Army?
Zhengbei Ling is here
People present immediately stop illegal activities
Disband in place
Wait a minute.
Do you want to violate the orders of the Zhengbei Army?
Di Shao, who doesn't know this?
In Daxia Town, the North Army is the sky
Who dares to disobey?
Hahaha Zhenbei Army is a big summer day
I'll tell you what.
There is only one day in this summer
That is the prince
I am also following the orders of the prince
Clean up the remnants of the Li family
Report to the army and leave quickly
I've never heard of it.
Which prince is in the building?
Can override the Zhengbei Army
Then offend
Lord Ruxue
Are you sure you want to defy the will of the prince?
It's good to offend